For my Senior Project, I will be creating a website for the LMU Computer Science department.
The main section of this website is intended to educate the user about those who work in CS 
at LMU, our mission as a department, and moreover, why the user should donate money to our 
department. This website will also be equipped with a donation portal, where users can send
donations of any size to the CS department. This is similar to any website (Amazon, for example)
that aids in the transaction of money from outside users. For software, I will be using the
bootstrap libraries to easily create a website for both computers and mobile devices. This 
should be sufficient for the size of the project I am doing. I also will be using paypal’s 
APIs for the monetary transactions. The hardware required for my project is a computer. The
end user of my website is hopefully any person who is interested in learning more about our
department, or making a donation.

	This project holds the necessary requirements needed for a 402 project, and allows me to 
  participate in a project that I am genuinely interested in doing. I will be applying my 
  web design knowledge from Interaction Design to this project, as well as my experiences 
  with web API’s to implement the donation service. Working with a donation API will make 
  this project a substantial challenge compared to my past experience, as I will be dealing
  with tentative information with this app that must be safely encrypted and securely 
  delivered to the paypal service. Working with money is notoriously difficult to do, however
  I believe my experience, combined with resources such as my professors and public knowledge
  on the topic online, should make this a reasonable challenge that I can directly address.
  This project is a perfect difficulty for one student, as it allows me to show my 
  experiences in web design, yet challenges me to try something new in implementing
  a fund-based portal into the webpage. I intend to use just a few weeks to get the
  website up and running, and dedicating a majority of my semester to figuring out 
  the financial side of the website. Based on my approximate timeline, I believe one
  semester is sufficient to complete this project. As a fourth year student in CS at
  LMU, I am fully prepared and capable of taking on a project such as this one. 
  Moreover, it would be satisfying personally to be able to complete a difficult
  project such as this one, and simultaneously dedicate a semester of my time 
  giving back to a department that has already given so much to me.
